Troubleshooting: Component Content is not Scrollable (#5442)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/80 Troubleshooting/45 Component Content is not Scrollable/10 The Page is Scrollable, the Component is Not.md

> If your component does not display a scrollbar, while you can scroll the page or the parent element, check the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your component does not display a scrollbar while you can scroll the page or the parent element, check the following conditions:
```

- None of the component parents in DOM have a fixed height.
- The component height is `auto`.

> The image below shows DataGrid in Popup, and scrolling is enabled in Popup, not in DataGrid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The image below shows DataGrid in Popup, but scrolling is enabled in Popup and not in DataGrid.
```

> If your component is not scrollable, while you can scroll the page, check the following conditions:

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure what you mean by "not scrollable". The description is very similar to the previous point (I already mentioned that). But can we also be more specific about "not scrollable"? Does it not display a scrollbar? It displays a scrollbar, but that scrollbar doesn't respond to user actions? It already displays all rows, so doesn't need a scrollbar?

If your component does not display a scrollbar, while you can scroll the page or the parent element, check the following conditions:

> - One of the component ancestors in the DOM has a fixed height.

Reviewer 2: Maybe this should be "None of the ancestors have a fixed height"? If one of them already have a fixed height, then the resolution wouldn't work. We tell people to use fixed height for one of the parent elements (last sentence). 

```suggestion
- None of the component parents in DOM have a fixed height.
```

- The component height is `auto`.

The image below shows DataGrid in Popup, and scrolling is enabled in Popup, not in DataGrid.

![DataGrid in Popup with a native scrollbar](/images/Troubleshooting/scrolling-grid-in-popup-native-scrolling.gif)

> If all the conditions are met, to resolve the issue, limit the component's height. For example, set a fixed height either for the component or for one of its parent elements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To resolve the issue, limit the component's height. For example, set a fixed height either for the component or for one of its parent elements.
```
